1. what is emmet?

Emmet is powerful tool that allows you to use the shortend syntax to generate the html.
It allows to use simple abbrevaitions and expand them into full Html and css.

2. Difference between Library and Framework

Library:

 1.A library is a collection of pre-written code or functions that developers can use to perform specific tasks or operations.
 2.It is typically focused on providing a set of functionalities or utilities that can be called upon by the application code.

Framework:
 
1.A framework is a broader, integrated set of tools, rules, and conventions that provide a complete structure for building applications.
2.It offers a comprehensive solution for a specific type of application or domain, including an overall architecture and flow of control.
3.Developers need to follow the rules and conventions set by the framework, which may dictate how the application is organized and executed.

3. what is CDN ? why do you use it?

Content Delivery Network :

It is a network of servers distributed across various geographic locations that work together to deliver web content, such as images, CSS files, JavaScript files, and other static assets, to users more efficiently and quickly.
When a user uses CDN , your web content is cached and stored in multiple servers at different datacenters around the world.
When a user requests a specific file from your website, the CDN automatically determines the nearest server to the user's location and serves the content from that server. This process reduces the physical distance between the user and the server, leading to faster loading times and improved performance. 

Uses:

1. Faster Content Delivery
2. Global Scalability.
3. Improved Reliabilty
4. Bandwidth Savings
5. Better User Experience
6. SEO Benefits

<script crossorigin src="https://unpkg.com/react@18/umd/react.development.js"></script>
<script crossorigin src="https://unpkg.com/react-dom@18/umd/react-dom.development.js"></script>

Both React and ReactDOM are available over a CDN.
 
4. why react is known as react?

React is known as "React" because it reflects the core concept and philosophy behind the library. The name "React" is derived from the way it handles changes and updates in the user interface.

5. what is the cross origin in the script tag?

In React, the term "cross-origin" refers to the security policy implemented by web browsers to prevent web pages from making requests to a different domain (origin) than the one that served the web page. This policy is known as the Same-Origin Policy (SOP), and it is a fundamental security feature of web browsers to protect users from certain types of web-based attacks, such as cross-site scripting (XSS) and cross-site request forgery (CSRF).

6. what is difference between React and ReactDOM?


React and ReactDOM are two separate packages provided by the React library, and they serve different purposes in a React application:

React:

React is the core library that provides the functionality for building user interfaces using components.

It includes the essential features for handling component creation, state management, and lifecycle methods.

React is not tied to any specific platform, and it can be used for building web applications (

ReactDOM:

ReactDOM is a specific package that serves as the glue between React and the DOM (Document Object Model) in web applications.
It provides the necessary methods to render React components into the actual HTML DOM elements.
ReactDOM is specifically designed for web applications and should be used when you want to create web-based user interfaces.


7. what is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js via cdn?


react.development.js:

The react.development.js file is intended for development environments.
It includes helpful error messages, warnings, and additional debugging information.
The file size is larger compared to the production version because it includes extra code for debugging and development tools.
Developers use this version during development to better understand and troubleshoot issues, as it provides more informative error messages and warnings.
react.production.js:

The react.production.js file is optimized for production environments.
It excludes development-specific code, error messages, and warnings, which results in a smaller file size.
The production version focuses on performance and efficiency to improve the application's loading time for end-users.
By excluding the additional debugging information, it reduces the risk of accidentally exposing sensitive information or security vulnerabilities in a production environment.

